Getting Started with Form (#1485)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Form/01 Getting Started with Form/40 Organize the Form Items/20 In Groups.md

To divide items into groups, declare items with the "group" [itemType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/GroupItem/#itemType) in the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#items) array. A group can contain [simple items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/), other groups, [tabs](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/TabbedItem/tabs/) or [empty items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/EmptyItem/). To put an item into a group, declare this item inside the group as shown in the example below. You can configure each group's layout separately. 

> The following code shows two groups in a Form with two columns. Each group occupies a separate column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code creates two groups, each group occupies a separate column. The resulting layout looks as follows:

![DevExtreme Form: Grouped Items](/images/UiWidgets/form-getting-started-groups.png)
```

    import {
        Form,
        SimpleItem,
        GroupItem
    } from 'devextreme-react/form';

    const employee = {
        name: 'John Heart',
        position: 'CEO',
        hireDate: new Date(2012, 4, 13),
        officeNumber: 901,
        phone: '+1(213) 555-9392',
        skype: 'jheart_DX_skype',
        email: 'jheart@dx-email.com'
    };

    const App = () => {
        return (
            <Form
                formData={employee}
                colCount={2}>
                <GroupItem 
                    caption="Personal Information"
                    colCount={2}>
                    <SimpleItem dataField="name" />
                    <SimpleItem dataField="position" />
                    <SimpleItem dataField="hireDate" />
                    <SimpleItem dataField="officeNumber" />
                </GroupItem>
                <GroupItem caption="Contacts">
                    <SimpleItem dataField="phone" />
                    <SimpleItem dataField="skype" />
                    <SimpleItem dataField="email" />
                </GroupItem>
            </Form>
        );
    }

    export default App;

---

> If you run this code, you will get the Form that looks like the following one:
> 
> ![DevExtreme Form: Grouped Items](/images/UiWidgets/form-getting-started-groups.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> You can divide form items in groups. To do this, declare items with the 'group" [itemType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/GroupItem/#itemType) in the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#items) array. A group can contain [simple items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/), other groups, [tabs](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/TabbedItem/tabs/) or [empty items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/EmptyItem/). You can configure each group's layout separately. 

Reviewer: > You can divide form items in groups.

The title already says it.

> To do this, declare items with the 'group" [itemType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/GroupItem/#itemType) in the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#items) array.

This says how to create a group. But how to put other items in it?

> A group can contain [simple items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/), other groups, [tabs](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/TabbedItem/tabs/) or [empty items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/EmptyItem/).

Isn't the same as "any item types"?

Author: >Isn't the same as "any item types"?

Shouldn't we list possible item types when we give this info for the first time?

> If you use modular approaches and have more than one item type in a Form, declare the simple items as in the example below.

Reviewer: What are you trying to say here?

Author: I want to note that in Ang/Vue/React, when users have only simple items, they can declare these items as follows:
`<Item dataField="name" />`

But when they have other item types, they have to go like this:

`<GroupItem>
    <SimpleItem dataField="name" />
</GroupItem>`

Author: Ah, got it from the comment below:

>There are individual components for each item type: DxSimpleItem, DxGroupItem, etc. Use them instead.

I'll replace the `<Item>`'s with `<SimpleItem>`'s and remove the sentence mentioned above.

> The folowing code shows two groups in a Form with two columns. Each group occupies a separate column, and the `Personal Information` group has two columns inside it:

Reviewer: Better show an image.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#formContainer").dxForm({
            formData: {
                name: "John Heart",
                position: "CEO",
                hireDate: new Date(2012, 4, 13),
                officeNumber: 901,
                phone: "+1(213) 555-9392",
                skype: "jheart_DX_skype",
                email: "jheart@dx-email.com",
                notes: "John has been in the Audio/Video industry since 1990."
            },
            colCount: 2,
            items: [{
                itemType: "group",
                caption: "Personal Information",
                colCount: 2,

>                 items: ["name", "position", "hireDate", "officeNumber", "notes"]

Reviewer 2: Can we show one and the same set of fields in each topic and add new to show new feature?

["name", "position", "hireDate", "officeNumber"] ?

Author: Good idea, thanks.
